Proposal.md, before:

# Section 2: Description of Data

In this project , we are using the **Cost of Living - NUMBEO Dataset** which is avaialble in [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/joeypp/cost-of-living-numbeo-dataset/) .This data set contains cost of living information of 160 cities across the globe with variety of information such as country, city name, region, rent, cost of owning a house, car etc.
The Kaggle Dataset has been extracted from [numbeo](https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/) which is the world’s largest crowd-sourced cost of living database which collect statitics on the quality of life informations including housing indicators, crime rates, and healthcare, among many other statistics. The website contains around 7,541,898 prices in 10,529 cities which have been entered by 630,509 contributors.
 

# Section 3: Research questions and usage scenarios

Our project answers the broad research question of: “What is the average
cost of living for a single fresh graduate in different cities in the
world?”. Below we have provided a usage scenario of our product by a
member of our target audience:

Bella is a fresh graduate in Canada and her current marital status is
single. She wants to seek for a job and settle down in some major cities
in the world, but she has concerns about the high living cost in big cities,
including housing, grocery, transportation, entertainment, shopping and
others. In order to help her get a general idea of how much the living
cost is in different major cities in the world, our app provides
immediate visualization of living cost in USD among 160 big cities from
90 countries in the world. Bella is also curious about the property
price and monthly saving as she might want to buy her own house in the
future. Our app takes her concern into account and can display the
property prices per square meter as well as the average monthly surplus
for people living in different cities.

Commit message:

added info about our processed categories

Proposal.md, after:

# Section 2: Description of Data

In this project , we are using the **Cost of Living - NUMBEO Dataset** which is avaialble in [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/joeypp/cost-of-living-numbeo-dataset) .This data set contains cost of living information of 160 cities across the globe with variety of information such as country, city name, region, rent, cost of owning a house, car .
The Kaggle Dataset has been extracted from [numbeo](https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living) which is the world’s largest crowd-sourced cost of living database which collect statitics on the quality of life informations including housing indicators, crime rates, and healthcare, among many other statistics. The website contains around 7,541,898 prices in 10,529 cities which have been entered by 630,509 contributors.
We will be visualizing the data of 160 cities which was collected in the year 2020.The dataset contains 56 different columns that contain cost of living
information which we have processed and broadly classified into major categories such as `monthly salary`, `rent`, `grocery`, `utility`, `shopping`, `entertainment`, `fitness`, `property_price`, `transportation`, `childcare expenses`,`monthly_savings` miscellaneous for ease of visualization on our dashboard.
# Section 3: Research questions and usage scenarios

Our project answers the broad research question of: “What is the average
cost of living for a single fresh graduate in different cities in the
world?”. Below we have provided a usage scenario of our product by a
member of our target audience:

Bella is a fresh graduate in Canada and her current marital status is
single. She wants to seek for a job and settle down in some major cities
in the world, but she has concerns about the high living cost in big cities,
including housing, grocery, transportation, entertainment, shopping and
others. In order to help her get a general idea of how much the living
cost is in different major cities in the world, our app provides
immediate visualization of living cost in USD among 160 big cities from
90 countries in the world. Bella is also curious about the property
price and monthly saving as she might want to buy her own house in the
future. Our app takes her concern into account and can display the
property prices per square meter as well as the average monthly surplus
for people living in different cities.
